AWS Systems Manager:---------------

AWS Systems Manager is a management service that helps you automatically collect software inventory, apply OS patches, create system images, and configure Windows and Linux operating systems. These capabilities help you define and track system configurations, prevent drift, and maintain software compliance of your EC2 and on-premises configurations. By providing a management approach that is designed for the scale and agility of the cloud but extends into your on-premises data center, Systems Manager makes it easier for you to seamlessly bridge your existing infrastructure with AWS.

Systems Manager is easy to use. Simply access Systems Manager from the EC2 Management Console, select the instances you want to manage, and define the management tasks you want to perform. Systems Manager is available now at no cost to manage both your EC2 and on-premises resources.


Systems Manager:-----------
A managed instance is any machine configured for AWS Systems Manager. You can configure Amazon EC2 instances or on-premises machines in a hybrid environment as managed instances. ... Advanced instances also enable you to connect to your hybrid machines by using AWS Systems Manager Session Manager.
                                  ---or---
A managed instance is any machine configured for AWS Systems Manager. You can configure Amazon EC2 instances or on-premises machines in a hybrid environment as managed instances. Systems Manager supports various distributions of Linux, including Raspberry Pi devices, and Microsoft Windows Server.

Run Command:--------------
Run Command enables you to automate common administrative tasks and perform ad hoc configuration changes at scale. You can use Run Command from the AWS console, the AWS Command Line Interface, AWS Tools for Windows PowerShell, or the AWS SDKs. Run Command is offered at no additional cost.
				----or----
AWS Systems Manager Run Command lets you remotely and securely manage the configuration of your managed instances. A managed instance is any Amazon EC2 instance or on-premises machine in your hybrid environment that has been configured for Systems Manager. Run Command enables you to automate common administrative tasks and perform ad hoc configuration changes at scale. You can use Run Command from the AWS console, the AWS Command Line Interface, AWS Tools for Windows PowerShell, or the AWS SDKs. Run Command is offered at no additional cost.


Patch Manager:-----
Search Results
Featured snippet from the web
AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager automates the process of patching managed instances with both security related and other types of updates. ... You can patch fleets of Amazon EC2 instances or your on-premises servers and virtual machines (VMs) by operating system type.
					--or----
AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager automates the process of patching managed instances with both security related and other types of updates. You can use Patch Manager to apply patches for both operating systems and applications. (On Windows Server, application support is limited to updates for Microsoft applications.) You can patch fleets of Amazon EC2 instances or your on-premises servers and virtual machines (VMs) by operating system type. This includes supported versions of Windows Server, Ubuntu Server, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES), CentOS, Amazon Linux, and Amazon Linux 2. You can scan instances to see only a report of missing patches, or you can scan and automatically install all missing patches.

State Manager:-----------
Amazon EC2 Systems Manager 'State Manager' is a secure and scalable configuration management service that ensures your EC2 instances or an on-premise servers are in a desired or consistent state. ... State Manager helps you define and maintain consistent configuration of operating systems and applications.
                                 ---or----
AWS Systems Manager State Manager is a secure and scalable service that automates the process of keeping your Amazon EC2 and hybrid infrastructure in a state that you define.

Maintenance Window:---------
AWS Systems Manager Maintenance Window lets you define a schedule to perform potentially disruptive actions on your instances such as patching an operating system, updating drivers, or installing software or patches.
				---or---
AWS Systems Manager Maintenance Window now allows you to set start and end dates, create Maintenance Windows in a specific time zone, and query the occurrence of the next Maintenance Window. With these improvements, you have greater control and visibility into your Maintenance Windows.
































